you guys have amazing chemistry in this
movie and even seems like in this room
how did that is the just not met how do
you got that what do you feel about that
well we did a chemistry read like before
the movie after like three minutes that
we kind of shared similar sense of humor
and with our acting I can a similar
comedic instinct and I think as grad
director saw that and was very trusting
of it and kind of happy that that had
worked out did you guys have a lot or
was a lot of that script no I mean you
would literally walk away and it's such
a great ensemble of actors yet you two
are like in your own little Mission
Impossible sort of is it all year this
stunts and well I mean clearly it's all
you but I mean in terms of some of the
yr work and whatever we had to do oh
yeah it was it was all us it was all us
and what's great about it is that we had
no training for it so what you saw is
what we did if we follow we fell if we
were a bit claustrophobic we were closer
phobic and that's and that's why I think
you can relate to these two characters
actually pulling this off because they
really don't know what we're doing what
they're doing we didn't know what we
were doing
no well awesome makes for some nice
comic relief when you're so tense
watching what's going on the ledge
cutting to you to you I think is really
provides the audience just have a chance
to kind of enjoy kind of breathing for a
second because you're trying to do so
much from the information that's been
given to you like why he's up there if
it's true if Elizabeth is the right
person to get him down from there
or if that's gonna end up terribly and
you know you're so caught up with the
crowd and all the the weaving in and out
storylines that when it gets to us to
kind of normal guys and you know Ono
kind of very extraordinary mission it
just allows the audience is gonna
breathe for a second yeah enjoy to
people being realistic about the
situation like this is crazy
we're the kind of couple that you'd
invite to a birthday party we'd blow out
the birthday cake with you you know are
you great I'm great
did both of you go out on the ledge and
see what it was like well they're coming
to just have this sort of visceral
experience I did I know I think you did
but you can answer okay yeah I did
because you know Sam would come to me in
the makeup shows you know just kind of
what it felt like didn't happen tonight
in the other lines and right be on the
verge like three inches away literally
from the edge of a 30-story building so
I just kind of wanted to see what would
it look like what he was actually
looking at and what he was dealing with
and in the space was so confined and I
think as an actor to be so constrained
physically yeah you have to come up with
them other ways of like delivering
performance and I thought that was
really tricky for him it was so
incredibly well done yeah the way we out
captured it was pretty cool yeah I
thought we did a really good job of kind
of making it practical and making it
believable that this guy is actually
really there because we really did put
him up on a building 30 stories high and
shoved into the edge I love how you say
Wiens like if you had an actual part in
the construction of the platform you had
nothing to do it but it's the kind of
the kind of Royal we are you know we're
not a part of that I use the Royal
weekend of a lot Nancy you want to take
credit for something I didn't do no I
also like to get rid of responsibility
by saying the general we that's how I
get rid of responsibility what the best
thing about working with this guy is he
makes me that's the
that's what you know what's funny that's
what Jessica Rabbit says about Roger
Rabbit and what about you that's the
Betsy my working with Joseph she's
enjoying a pleasure to be around she's
so natural and she doesn't take herself
too seriously and we just had fun like
she's so easy to get along with and you
know she was the perfect energy did you
guys have to do much preparation at all
I mean was there anything for either the
stuff that you were doing with either
the wire stuff in the elevator shaft or
now you they really left it live for
that stuff so that when we got there we
kind of genuinely felt like oh this is
dangerous which it was like when there's
that moment in the elevator shaft where
I think I drop something
yes spin upside down that kind of
genuine happened yeah I did kind of
almost lose my breakfast when there yeah
and tell me what about working with an
Oscar as was great because he comes from
a documentary kind of film background so
he approaches everything in a very
realistic way he's constantly trying to
search for that level of realism that he
requires and everything is about
environment and let's give him I think
Manhattan is very much a massive
character in this movie so and then and
also for a thriller which is my very
much on removi to get someone who comes
from a realistic point of view was was
kind of something that made me very
attracted to a movie about you he
captured a lot of real moments he did
that's why it was great that he did this
movie but you need to do another movie
to be the next movie it could be like
five movies like no we should be what
you can't stand me Oh movies like every
five movies you could be like a little
Hepburn Tracy thing going on exactly we
could also do stand-up you know we could
you stand up together to think for a
show in Vegas we could put on my show
nobody has shed on us yes
this ingenuity what is up we should
definitely get down on the road
absolutely